src/main/tut/README.md, before:

SlickCats
==========

[Cats](https://github.com/typelevel/cats) instances for [Slick's](http://slick.typesafe.com/) `DBIO` including:
* Monad
* MonadError
* CoflatMap
* Group
* Monoid
* Semigroup
* Comonad
* Order
* PartialOrder
* Equals

## Using
SlickCats is not yet published but can be used by publishing locally via `sbt publishLocal` and then adding
the following to your build definition:
```scala
libraryDependencies += "com.rms.miu" %% "slick-cats" % "1.0-SNAPSHOT"
```

## Accessing the Instances
Some or all of the following imports may be needed:
```tut:silent
import cats._
import cats.implicits._
import slick.dbio._
import com.rms.miu.slickcats.DBIOInstances._
```
Additionally, be sure to have an implicit `ExecutionContext` in scope. The implicit conversions require it
and will fail with non obvious errors if it's missing.
```tut:fail
implicitly[Monad[DBIO]]
```

```tut:silent
import scala.concurrent.ExecutionContext.Implicits.global
```

instances will be available for:
```tut:silent
implicitly[Monad[DBIO]]
implicitly[MonadError[DBIO, Throwable]]
implicitly[CoflatMap[DBIO]]
implicitly[Functor[DBIO]]
implicitly[Applicative[DBIO]]
```

If therea Monoid exists for `A`, here taken as Int, then the following is also available
```tut:silent
implicitly[Group[DBIO[Int]]]
implicitly[Semigroup[DBIO[Int]]]
implicitly[Monoid[DBIO[Int]]]
```

## Known Issues
Instances are supplied for `DBIO[A]` only. Despite being the same thing,
type aliases will not match for implicit conversion. This means that the following

```tut
def monad[F[_] : Monad, A](fa: F[A]): F[A] = fa

val fail1: DBIOAction[String, NoStream, Effect.All] = DBIO.successful("hello")
val fail2 = DBIO.successful("hello")
val success: DBIO[String] = DBIO.successful("hello")
```
will _not_ compile
```tut:fail
monad(fail1)
monad(fail2)
```
but
```tut
monad(success)
```
will compile fine.

## Extras
This README is compiled using [tut](https://github.com/tpolecat/tut) to ensure that only working examples are given.
Feedback of any kind is appreciated. Especially if you have any ideas on getting around the `DBIOAction` issue above.

Commit message:

Add version table and bump to 0.2

src/main/tut/README.md, after:

SlickCats
==========

[Cats](https://github.com/typelevel/cats) instances for [Slick's](http://slick.typesafe.com/) `DBIO` including:
* Monad
* MonadError
* CoflatMap
* Group
* Monoid
* Semigroup
* Comonad
* Order
* PartialOrder
* Equals

## Using
SlickCats is not yet published but can be used by publishing locally via `sbt publishLocal` and then adding
the following to your build definition:
```scala
libraryDependencies += "com.rms.miu" %% "slick-cats" % version
```

Because of possible binary incompatibilities here are the dependency versions used in each release
| slick-cats version | slick version | cats version |
|:------------------:|:-------------:|:------------:|
|         0.1        |     3.1.1     |     0.5.0    |
|         0.2        |     3.1.1     |     0.6.0    |


## Accessing the Instances
Some or all of the following imports may be needed:
```tut:silent
import cats._
import cats.implicits._
import slick.dbio._
import com.rms.miu.slickcats.DBIOInstances._
```
Additionally, be sure to have an implicit `ExecutionContext` in scope. The implicit conversions require it
and will fail with non obvious errors if it's missing.
```tut:fail
implicitly[Monad[DBIO]]
```

```tut:silent
import scala.concurrent.ExecutionContext.Implicits.global
```

instances will be available for:
```tut:silent
implicitly[Monad[DBIO]]
implicitly[MonadError[DBIO, Throwable]]
implicitly[CoflatMap[DBIO]]
implicitly[Functor[DBIO]]
implicitly[Applicative[DBIO]]
```

If a Monoid exists for `A`, here taken as Int, then the following is also available
```tut:silent
implicitly[Group[DBIO[Int]]]
implicitly[Semigroup[DBIO[Int]]]
implicitly[Monoid[DBIO[Int]]]
```

## Known Issues
Instances are supplied for `DBIO[A]` only. Despite being the same thing,
type aliases will not match for implicit conversion. This means that the following

```tut
def monad[F[_] : Monad, A](fa: F[A]): F[A] = fa

val fail1: DBIOAction[String, NoStream, Effect.All] = DBIO.successful("hello")
val fail2 = DBIO.successful("hello")
val success: DBIO[String] = DBIO.successful("hello")
```
will _not_ compile
```tut:fail
monad(fail1)
monad(fail2)
```
but
```tut
monad(success)
```
will compile fine.

## Extras
This README is compiled using [tut](https://github.com/tpolecat/tut) to ensure that only working examples are given.
Feedback of any kind is appreciated. Especially if you have any ideas on getting around the `DBIOAction` issue above.
